Water - Without this key flux, man can live only 4 days.
Why is that so?
And why is mineral water not so healthy, as it claims?
"So we need water, which is almost completely pure, almost without minerals."
Part of our drinking water is stored in underground tanks.
Mineral water. The most popular refreshing drink of the Germans.
Prof. Dr. Ingo Froböse from High School Sports in Cologne ...
... has been dealing with water and man for years.
"It's hard to believe, but we have something to do with a 70 kg man ...
... almost 40 lit. water in the body. A fair amount, almost two thirds of the body's water ...
... like a cucumber, almost, rough. Much of that, almost 60% are in the stations ...
... we have millions of them. 10 kg, from opportunity, is in space between station ...
... and 4 to 5 liters, in fact, is in the blood. "
Drinking water keeps a man alive ...
Problem: The human body does not have a water tank, it can not save the fluid.
That is why it is very important to give the body a sufficient amount of fluid every day.
Without water, a man would die within 4 days.
"2 and a half, even 3 liters, each should drink. We lose water during the day ...
... on the one hand, through hydration, which means, we breathe the water ...
... dripping wet, we know that. Let's swim. During the night, eg sometimes 1 to 2 liters ...
... although we are not moving, but we're warmly covered. Besides, we need water ...
... for many energy processes. It collapses, spends and expels. "
But not just for the metabolism of water is responsible. It regulates ...
... and our physical heat, because it has to be steady at about 37 degrees.
"Water takes care that the heat that is constantly generated in the body is run out.
We do not have in vain 30,000,000 sweat glands all over the body.
And if, for example, we do sports, 60% to 70% of the sweat is thrown through the head ...
... to keep the body cold and capable. "
"The mineral water industry has done a wonderful job since it claims ...
... that there are many minerals that can be introduced into the cells with mineral water.
This has not been scientifically proven. We are thinking, just the opposite ...
... we need water, which has a large capacity for income, which means ...
... almost absolutely pure, almost without minerals, without any repellent substance ...
... because it can only quickly and efficiently fulfill its transport function. "
TROUBLE WATERS IN TUSCLE
Problem with mineral water: she can not fulfill her basic task ...
... because its molecules are full of minerals and so can not accept it ...
... feed nutrients from the food, or remove harmful substances from the cells.
In addition, critics argue that minerals in mineral water ...
... a lot terrible, that they could reach the cells at all.